# CS-E4640 Big Data Platforms - Teaching Assistant Positions

The [Big Data Platforms course](https://oodi.aalto.fi/a/opintjakstied.jsp?Kieli=6&html=1&Tunniste=CS-E4640) provides foundations for  big data analytics, data science and data-intensive services, and is strongly related to cloud computing and large-scale software systems. We are looking for course assistants to this course in Fall 2019. The main contents of the course are Big Data platforms with (automatically graded) home assignments in Python/Scala using the Apache Spark, Apache Airflow, other open source big data frameworks, and industry-based Cloud big data platforms (especially Google Cloud services for which students  will be granted with 50 USD of Google Cloud Platform Grant Credit).

## Open assistant positions

Two types of assistant positions are available:

*_Preparing course assignments and exercises (summer job/intern)_: During May-Aug, you would be helping to create assignments and exercises before the course starts. The main duty is to develop/implement and test a set of assignments/exercises. This job also provides a great chance if you want to develop further your programming and design skills for big data platforms through  your  activities and engagement with the professor.

*_Assisting the course operation (Sep-Dec)_: You would be the course assistant by giving tutorials to the students and helping to maintain the (automated) home assignment/exercises. This job provides a great chance if you want to develop further your teaching skills.


Good programming skills in Python/Scala are required. You can apply for one or two position(s). Priority is given to applicants who have completed the course in a previous semester and have experiences in cloud and big data computing,  but also other applicants will be considered.

## How to apply
[Check the job ads in CS Department Teaching Assistant Pool](https://sami.cs.hut.fi/). Please add a CV and an Oodi study transcript in your application.


## Contact

Contact info: Linh Truong (@aalto.fi)
